capital = 794
primary_culture = serb
culture = zzz_religion_catholic
religion = catholic
government = bourgeois_dictatorship
plurality = 0
nationalvalue = nv_equality
literacy = 0.05

civilized = yes

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# political reforms
slavery=no_slavery
vote_franschise=universal_weighted_voting
upper_house_composition=party_appointed
voting_system=first_past_the_post
public_meetings=yes_meeting
press_rights=censored_press
trade_unions=non_socialist
political_parties=non_secret_ballots

# New Reforms
conscription = mandatory_service
border_policy = quota_immigration
debt_law = debtors_prisons
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = all_voting_pops
centralization = unitary
revolution = baptism_of_fire
pollution = no_pollution_regulations
colonial_policy = no_colonies

ruling_party = SER_anarcho_liberal
upper_house = 
{
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 0
	conservative = 0
	reactionary = 0
	anarcho_liberal = 100
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 6
nonstate_consciousness= 2

# Army
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1

#Navy
post_nelsonian_thought = 1

#Commerce
freedom_of_trade = 1
guild_based_production = 1

#Culture
enlightenment_thought = 1
ideological_thought = 1
introspectionism = 1

#Industry
water_wheel_power = 1
publishing_industry = 1
basic_chemistry = 1

prestige=0
oob = "SER_OOB.txt"
set_country_flag = religi
set_country_flag = radical_republic
set_country_flag = baptism_of_fire
